Google just dropped something that
changes how we make content forever.
Notebook LM plus Nano Banana 2. You
upload a document, any document, and it
spits out a full narrated video with AI
visuals, with voice over, with style.
We're talking watercolor animations,
anime visuals, retro designs, all
generated automatically. No editing, no
recording, no design skills needed. Just
upload, click, done. And the crazy part,
most people have no idea this exists
yet. So if you use this right now, you
are ahead of everyone. your competitors,
your niche, everyone. I'm going to show
you exactly how it works step by step
and how to use it to actually grow your
business with AI. Let's go. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below.
Today we're talking about two tools that
just got a serious upgrade. Notebook LM
and Nano Banana 2. And by the end of
this video, you're going to know exactly
how to use them together to automate
your content creation and grow faster
with less effort. Let's start simple.
Notebook LM is Google's AI research
tool. You give it documents, PDFs,
slides, screenshots, articles. It reads
everything. It understands everything.
and then it can summarize it, answer
questions about it, and now turn it into
a full video. That video feature is
called video overviews, and it just got
a massive upgrade. Nano Banana 2 is what
powers the visuals inside those videos.
Its official name is Gemini 3.1 Flash
image, but everyone's calling it Nano
Banana 2. It's Google's newest image
generation model. Faster, sharper, way
better at understanding what you
actually want. Think of it this way.
Notebook LM is the brain. It figures out
what the video should say. Nano Banana 2
is the art department. It makes every
frame look incredible. Together, they
are one of the most powerful content
creation combos available right now. And
here's what makes it special. Six visual
styles, watercolor, whiteboard,
papercraft, anime, retro print,
heritage. You're not stuck with boring
corporate slides. You can make your
content look like a handdrawn animation,
a retro magazine spread, or a clean
professional whiteboard breakdown.
Whatever fits your brand. Here's exactly
how you use it step by step. And I'm
going to use the AI profit boardroom as
the example throughout because this is
exactly how we'd run this workflow to
grow the community, bring in new
members, and create more content without
working more hours. Step one, upload
your sources. Let's say you want to
create a video explaining what the AI
profit boardroom is and why someone
should join. You'd upload the sales page
copy, the community overview doc, an
FAQ, any guides or frameworks you've
built inside the boardroom, even
screenshots of wins from members.
Notebook LM reads all of it. Now it
knows the full picture. Step two, hit
video overview. Notebook LM takes
everything it read and builds a
structured video script from it. You
pick your format, explainer or brief.
Explainer is a deep walkthrough, perfect
for onboarding new members or breaking
down a complex AI workflow. Brief is a
quick highle summary. Great for short
form content, social clips, or warming
up cold audiences before a pitch. Step
three, pick your visual style. For the
AI profit boardroom, whiteboard style
works great for showing automation
workflows. Clean, professional, easy to
follow. If you're targeting a younger,
more creative crowd, anime or retro
print, grabs attention way faster. Want
that premium polished feel? Watercolor
or heritage gives you that high quality
aesthetic that matches a serious brand.
Step four, add a focus prompt. This is
where most people skip a step and miss
out. You don't have to just hit generate
and hope. You can tell Notebook LM
exactly what angle to take. Something
like, "Focus this video on how AI
automation helps business owners save
time and create more content." That one
prompt changes the entire direction of
the output. Use it. Step five, export
and post. The video comes out ready to
use. If you want to add titles,
transitions, or your logo, drop it into
Capka or Premiere. But for a lot of use
cases, you can post it straight away.
Seriously. Quick pause before we go
deeper. If [snorts] you want to learn
how to build workflows like this using
Notebook LM, Nano Banana 2, and dozens
of other AI tools to automate your
content and grow your business, the AI
Profit Boardroom is where that happens.
is a private community built
specifically for people who are serious
about using AI automation to work
smarter. We go deep, real SOPs, real
workflows, real use cases, no fluff, no
theory, just practical systems you can
implement immediately. We use tools like
this every single day inside the
boardroom to create content, onboard
members, and grow the community on
autopilot. Link is in the description.
Come check it out. Now, back to it. Let
me show you four ways to apply this
right now.
education.
If you run a course or training program,
you probably have long guides, slide
decks, and written frameworks. Upload
them, generate video overviews. Now,
your students or members get a narrated
visual walkthrough of the material
without you recording a single thing
inside the AI profit boardroom. This
means every new training guide can have
an autogenerated video walkthrough ready
the same day it's written. marketing.
Want to explain what the AI profit
boardroom is to someone who's never
heard of it? Upload the overview doc.
Run it as an explainer with heritage or
watercolor style. Now you've got a
polished branded explainer video to put
on a landing page. Run as an ad or share
on YouTube. No video team, no production
time repurposing old content. Got old
blog posts, webinars, or PDF guides
sitting around doing nothing? Upload
them. Generate new video overviews? Post
them as fresh content. Everything you've
already created can become a new video.
That's months of content already waiting
for you. Weekly updates. Every week
there's new AI news, new tools, new
updates. Upload a roundup doc, hit
generate, post a brief style video. Your
audience gets a quick visually engaging
update. You spend maybe 20 minutes on
the whole thing. That's a content
machine. Here's where it gets seriously
powerful. The quality of your video
output depends almost entirely on the
prompts and sources you give Notebook
LM. Bad input equals generic output.
Great input equals content that feels
like it was made by a professional team.
Here are prompts that work well,
especially if you're building content
around the AI profit boardroom or an AI
automation brand. Generate a 90-second
explainer video showing how AI Profit
Boardroom members use automation to
create a week of content in under an
hour. Create a whiteboard style video
overview of the top five AI tools our
community uses for content creation with
practical examples for each. Build a
retrostyle visual recap of this week's
biggest AI updates explained in plain
English for business owners who want to
stay ahead. generate a brief format
video that explains what the AI profit
boardroom is, who it's for, and what
makes it different from other AI
communities. Each of these gives
Notebook LM a clear angle, a clear
audience, and a clear outcome. The
output becomes way more focused, way
more usable, way less generic. Two
things before you go. First, if you want
the full system, the prompts, the SOPs,
and deep dive training on using tools
like Notebook LM and Nano Banana 2 to
build a real automation in your
business, come join the AI profit
boardroom. It's a private community of
serious AI practitioners building real
workflows and getting real results.
Everything is practical. Everything is
actionable. Link is in the description.
And if you want to start completely
free, join the AI success lab. It's our
free AI community with over 40,000
members who are using AI every day to
work smarter. You'll get the full notes
from this video, access to 100 plus AI
use cases, templates, and workflows,
plus a community of people who are
actually doing this stuff. Links are in
the comments and description. Go grab
them. See you inside.